refactor: tag component to improve ux (#3748)
db-ui/mono: docs/migration/v0.7.x-to-v1.0.0.md

## Migration Beta (0.7.x) ➡ Beta (1.0.0)

### Components

#### Badge

We updated the colors for the `weak` badge to match better with `strong` and the new `origin` badge.

#### Tag

We updated the colors for the `weak` tag to match better with `strong` and the new `origin` tag.

## Automate migration via CLI

We provide a CLI tool to auto migrate your source code. Use this command in your repository:

```shell

> npx @db-ui/migration --type=v007_vXXX --src=./src

Reviewer: @nmerget these migration aspects haven't been introduced so far, or are they included in some other PR ?

Reviewer: there's no migration script.

> npx @db-ui/migration --type=v007_vXXX --src=./src

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npx @db-ui/migration --type=v007_v100 --src=./src
```

```

> Please check the changes made in your codebase afterwards, as this is mainly a simple search & replace and there might be unexpected changes of similar wordings to our icon names for any other methods, or further code occurrences that don't even refer to icons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check the changes made in your codebase afterwards, as this is mainly a simple search & replace and there might be unexpected changes of similar wordings to our color names for any other methods, or further code occurrences that don't even refer to color.
```
